tidb: `tidb_service_scope` GA (#15226)
pingcap/docs: tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md

    * [`tidb_ddl_reorg_batch_size`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_reorg_batch_size): use the default value. The recommended maximum value is `1024`.

3. Starting from v7.4.0, you can adjust the number of TiDB nodes that perform background tasks according to actual needs. After deploying a TiDB cluster, you can set the instance-level system variable [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740) for each TiDB node in the cluster. When `tidb_service_scope` of a TiDB node is set to `background`, the TiDB node can execute background tasks. When `tidb_service_scope` of a TiDB node is set to the default value "", the TiDB node cannot execute background tasks. If `tidb_service_scope` is not set for any TiDB node in a cluster, the TiDB distributed execution framework schedules all TiDB nodes to execute background tasks by default.
    > **Note:**
    >

>     > - During the execution of a distributed task, if some TiDB nodes are offline, the distributed task randomly assigns subtasks to available nodes. In this case, you cannot dynamically assign subtasks through `tidb_service_scope`.

Author: ```suggestion
    > - During the execution of a distributed task, if some TiDB nodes are offline, the distributed task randomly assigns subtasks to available TiDB nodes. In this case, you cannot dynamically assign subtasks through `tidb_service_scope`.
```

>     > - During the execution of a distributed task, if some TiDB nodes are offline, the distributed task randomly assigns subtasks to available TiDB nodes. In this case, you cannot dynamically assign subtasks through `tidb_service_scope`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > - During the execution of a distributed task, if some TiDB nodes are offline, the distributed task randomly assigns subtasks to available TiDB nodes instead of dynamically assigning subtasks according to `tidb_service_scope`.
```

>     > - During the execution of a distributed task, if some TiDB nodes are offline, the distributed task randomly assigns subtasks to available nodes. In this case, you cannot dynamically balance the assignment of subtasks through `tidb_service_scope`.

Author: ```suggestion
    > - During the execution of a distributed task, if some TiDB nodes are offline, the distributed task randomly assigns subtasks to available nodes. In this case, you cannot dynamically assign subtasks through `tidb_service_scope`.
```

>     > - During the execution of a distributed task, you cannot configure a new node to execute the task through `tidb_service_scope`.

Author: ```suggestion
    > - During the execution of a distributed task, changes to the `tidb_service_scope` configuration will not take effect for the current task, but will take effect from the next task.
```

>     > - During the execution of a distributed task, changes to the `tidb_service_scope` configuration will not take effect for the current task, but will take effect from the next task.

Author: ```suggestion
    > - During the execution of a distributed task, changes to the `tidb_service_scope` configuration will not take effect for the current task, but will take effect from the next task.

```

>     > - During the execution of a distributed task, if the subtasks have all been completed, you cannot configure a new node to execute the task through `tidb_service_scope`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > - During the execution of a distributed task, you cannot configure a new node to execute the task through `tidb_service_scope`.
```

3. Starting from v7.4.0, you can adjust the number of TiDB nodes that perform background tasks according to actual needs. After deploying a TiDB cluster, you can set the instance-level system variable [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740) for each TiDB node in the cluster. When `tidb_service_scope` of a TiDB node is set to `background`, the TiDB node can execute background tasks. When `tidb_service_scope` of a TiDB node is set to the default value "", the TiDB node cannot execute background tasks. If `tidb_service_scope` is not set for any TiDB node in a cluster, the TiDB distributed execution framework schedules all TiDB nodes to execute background tasks by default.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
    > **Note:**
    >
    > - During the execution of a distributed task, if some TiDB nodes are offline, the distributed task randomly assigns subtasks to available nodes. In this case, you cannot dynamically balance the assignment of subtasks through `tidb_service_scope`.
    > - During the execution of a distributed task, if the subtasks have all been completed, you cannot configure a new node to execute the task through `tidb_service_scope`.
```
